Sunset DI log probes and prepare Live Debugger docs for GA (#37791)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/live_debugger/_index.md

## Requirements and setup

Live Debugger supports Python, Java, .NET, Ruby, Node.js, PHP, and Go. It requires:

- [Datadog Agent][2] version 7.49.0 or later
- [Datadog SDK][3] installed
- [Unified Service Tagging][27] configured with `service`, `env`, and `version` tags on your deployment
- [Remote Configuration][4] enabled in the Agent

> - (Recommended) [Source Code Integration][28] set up

Reviewer: After "It requires:", the bullets aren't parallel. Recast as consistent requirement objects (exact wording flexible):

```suggestion
Live Debugger supports Python, Java, .NET, Ruby, Node.js, PHP, and Go. It requires:

- The [Datadog Agent][2], version 7.49.0 or later
- An installed [Datadog SDK][3]
- [Unified Service Tagging][27] configured with `service`, `env`, and `version` tags on your deployment
- [Remote Configuration][4] enabled in the Agent
- (Recommended) [Source Code Integration][28]
```

### Minimum SDK versions

Live Debugger requires the following minimum Datadog SDK versions:

- [Java][6] ≥ 1.64.0
- [Python][5] ≥ 4.11.0
- [.NET][7] ≥ 3.46.0
- [Node.js][8] ≥ 5.109.0
- [PHP][10] ≥ 1.21.0
- [Ruby][9] ≥ 2.35.0
- [Go][22] ≥ 2.9.0

### Enabling Live Debugger

> For Java, Python, .NET, and Node.js services that already meet the minimum SDK and setup requirements (including the `DD_SERVICE`, `DD_ENV`, and `DD_VERSION` [UST tags][27]), Live Debugger can be enabled directly in the Datadog platform. You can either enable the service and environment from the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], or just start a new Debug Session and the feature will be enabled automatically.

Reviewer: Requirements are assumed met by this point, so the parenthetical restatement is redundant

```suggestion
For Java, Python, .NET, and Node.js services, you can enable Live Debugger in Datadog in one of two ways:

- On the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], enable the service and environment.
- Start a Debug Session. Live Debugger is enabled automatically.
```

> For other runtime languages or older SDK versions, use the configuration steps below. You can disable Live Debugger for a service and environment from the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], regardless of runtime language or SDK version.

Reviewer: The disable sentence applies to all languages and versions, so pull it out into its own line.

```suggestion
For other runtime languages (Ruby, PHP, and Go), see the following manual configuration steps.

You can disable Live Debugger for a service and environment from the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], regardless of runtime language or SDK version.
```

{{< programming-lang-wrapper langs="java,python,.NET,nodejs,ruby,php,go" >}}

{{< programming-lang lang="java" >}}
<div class="alert alert-info">Recommended: Enable Live Debugger in-app from the <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/debugging/settings">Live Debugger Settings page</a>. Use the steps below only if in-app enablement isn't available or you prefer env-var configuration.</div>

**Requirement**: <a href="/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/java/">Datadog Java SDK</a> version 1.64.0 or higher, running on JDK 8 or higher.

Start your service with `DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=true`, along with `DD_SERVICE`, `DD_ENV`, and `DD_VERSION`. The `-javaagent` argument must come before `-jar`:

```shell
export DD_SERVICE=<YOUR_SERVICE>
export DD_ENV=<YOUR_ENV>
export DD_VERSION=<YOUR_VERSION>
export DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=true
java \
    -javaagent:dd-java-agent.jar \
    -jar <YOUR_SERVICE>.jar
```

> **Note**: On JDK 18 and below, classes compiled with the `-parameters` flag (default in Spring 6+, Spring Boot 3+, and Scala) may fail to instrument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: On JDK 18 and earlier, classes compiled with the `-parameters` flag (default in Spring 6+, Spring Boot 3+, and Scala) may fail to instrument.
```

**Configure the Datadog Agent** using one of the following methods, depending on how you deploy the Agent:

- **Configuration YAML file**: Update `system-probe.yaml` (located alongside `datadog.yaml`) with the following. For more information, see <a href="/agent/configuration/agent-configuration-files/?tab=agentv6v7#agent-main-configuration-file">Agent configuration files</a>.

  ```yaml
  dynamic_instrumentation:
    enabled: true
  ```

- **Environment variable**: Add the following to your Datadog Agent manifest:

  ```
  DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=true
  ```

- **Helm**: Add the following to your Helm chart:

  ```yaml
  datadog:
    dynamicInstrumentationGo:
      enabled: true
  ```

**Configure your service**: After the Agent is configured, services on the same host can be enabled from the <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/debugging/settings">Live Debugger Settings page</a>, or by starting the service with the following environment variables set:

```shell
DD_SERVICE=<YOUR_SERVICE>
DD_ENV=<YOUR_ENV>
DD_VERSION=<YOUR_VERSION>
DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=true
```
{{< /programming-lang >}}

{{< /programming-lang-wrapper >}}

#### Enablement modes

> Each service and environment is in one of three modes on the Live Debugger Settings page:

Reviewer: State the purpose before the bullets so the reader knows what this is and why they'd check it:

```suggestion
On the Live Debugger Settings page, you can check the enablement status of each service and environment. Each is in one of three modes:
```

- **Automatic**: Live Debugger has not been set to Enabled or Disabled yet on this service and environment. This setting changes to **Enabled** automatically the first time a Debug Session is started. For a faster first-time debugging experience, switch the setting to **Enabled** in advance.
- **Enabled**: For eligible services, this setting means Live Debugger is activated on the selected service and environment, including debug symbol uploads and faster delivery of new logpoints.

> - **Disabled**: This setting blocks logpoints from being created or re-activated on a given service and environment. It applies regardless of runtime language or SDK version.

Reviewer: Restore `{{< ui >}}` for UI-element consistency (matches `{{< ui >}}` still used elsewhere in these files):

```suggestion
- {{< ui >}}Automatic{{< /ui >}}: Live Debugger has not been set to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} or {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}} yet on this service and environment. This setting changes to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} automatically the first time a Debug Session is started. For a faster first-time debugging experience, switch the setting to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} in advance.
- {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}}: For eligible services, this setting means Live Debugger is activated on the selected service and environment, including debug symbol uploads and faster delivery of new logpoints.
- {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}}: This setting blocks logpoints from being created or re-activated on a given service and environment. It applies regardless of runtime language or SDK version.
```

## Requirements and setup

Live Debugger supports Python, Java, .NET, Ruby, Node.js, PHP, and Go. It requires:

- [Datadog Agent][2] version 7.49.0 or later
- [Datadog SDK][3] installed
- [Unified Service Tagging][27] configured with `service`, `env`, and `version` tags on your deployment
- [Remote Configuration][4] enabled in the Agent
- (Recommended) [Source Code Integration][28] set up

### Minimum SDK versions

> Live Debugger requires the following minimum SDK versions:

Author: ```suggestion
Live Debugger requires the following minimum Datadog SDK versions:
```

## Requirements and setup

Live Debugger supports Python, Java, .NET, Ruby, Node.js, PHP, and Go. It requires the [Datadog Agent][2] (version 7.49.0 or later), an [APM-instrumented application][3], and [Remote Configuration][4].

> ### Minimum tracer versions

Reviewer 2: Tracer language should be replaced with SDK

Live Debugger requires the following minimum tracer versions:

> - [Java][6] ≥ 1.64.0

Reviewer 2: Is there a better way to organize this list? It's visually awkward

Author: I'm gonna leave the list as is for now so we don't spin our wheels on formatting edits too much longer!

- **Conditional data capture** based on user-defined expressions, so information is collected only when specific conditions are met.
- **Built-in [sensitive data scrubbing][1]** to help prevent exposure of personal data, secrets, and credentials.

## Requirements

Live Debugger supports Python, Java, .NET, Ruby, Node.js, PHP, and Go. It requires:

> - The [Datadog Agent][2], version 7.49.0 or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Datadog Agent][2], version 7.49.0 or higher
```

## Setup

### Enable Live Debugger

Live Debugger enablement depends on your service's runtime language. See the following language-specific sections for enablement instructions and minimum SDK versions.

Live Debugger can work on older SDK versions through manual enablement, but you may encounter missing capabilities, unexpected errors, or a degraded experience. Datadog recommends keeping your SDK up to date.

You can disable Live Debugger for a service and environment from the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], regardless of runtime language or SDK version.

#### Enable for Java, Python, .NET, and Node.js

You can enable Live Debugger in-app in one of two ways:

- On the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], enable the service and environment.
- Start a Debug Session. Live Debugger is enabled automatically.

Either option requires one of the following minimum SDK versions:

| Language | Minimum SDK version |
|----------|---------------------|
| Java     | 1.48.0              |
| Python   | 3.10.0              |
| .NET     | 3.29.0              |
| Node.js  | 5.84.0              |

> If your SDK version is lower, or you prefer to configure Live Debugger with environment variables, use the following manual configuration steps. Each tab also lists the recommended SDK version and any language-specific requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your SDK version is lower, or you prefer to configure Live Debugger with environment variables, use the following manual configuration steps. 
```

```shell
DD_SERVICE=<YOUR_SERVICE>
DD_ENV=<YOUR_ENV>
DD_VERSION=<YOUR_VERSION>
DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=true
```
{{< /programming-lang >}}

{{< /programming-lang-wrapper >}}

#### Enablement modes

On the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], you can check and update the enablement status of each service and environment. Each service and environment is in one of three modes:

- {{< ui >}}Automatic{{< /ui >}}: Live Debugger has not been set to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} or {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}} yet on this service and environment. This setting changes to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} automatically the first time a Debug Session is started. For a faster first-time debugging experience, switch the setting to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} in advance.
- {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}}: For eligible services, this setting means Live Debugger is activated on the selected service and environment, including debug symbol uploads and faster delivery of new logpoints.
- {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}}: This setting blocks logpoints from being created or reactivated on a given service and environment. It applies regardless of runtime language or SDK version.

> ### Create a logs index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (Recommended) Create a logs index
```

> Datadog recommends creating a dedicated logs index for Live Debugger to help ensure that Live Debugger logs aren't unintentionally filtered out, especially if you use [Exclusion filters][11]. Live Debugger generates logs that are sent to Datadog and appear alongside your application logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a dedicated logs index for Live Debugger to help ensure that Live Debugger logs aren't unintentionally filtered out, especially if you use [Exclusion filters][11]. Live Debugger generates logs that are sent to Datadog and appear alongside your application logs.
```

To create a dedicated logs index:

1. Create a logs index and [configure it][12] to the desired retention with **no sampling**.
2. Set the filter to match on the `source:dd_debugger` tag. All Live Debugger logs have this source.
3. Make sure the new index takes precedence over any other with filters that match that tag, because the first match wins.

> ### Link your source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (Recommended) Link your source code
```

Datadog recommends setting up [Source Code Integration][28] for the best experience with Live Debugger. Source Code Integration is optional when starting a Debug Session manually, but required when using [Bits Live Debugger][23].

> After you integrate your source code manager with your Datadog account and link the service and environment to the corresponding repository and Git commit SHA, you can view source code files directly in the Datadog UI. You can add new logpoints and see existing ones in the source code as you would with breakpoints in an IDE. This helps you confirm logpoints are placed accurately and avoid capturing unintended data or generating invalid results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up [Source Code Integration][28] to view source code files directly in Live Debugger. After you link the service and environment to the corresponding repository and Git commit SHA, you can add logpoints and see existing ones in the source code as you would with breakpoints in an IDE. This helps you confirm logpoints are placed accurately and avoid capturing unintended data or generating invalid results.

**Note**: Source Code Integration is optional when starting a Debug Session manually, but it is required when using [Bits Live Debugger][23].
```

## Requirements

Live Debugger supports Python, Java, .NET, Ruby, Node.js, PHP, and Go. It requires:

- The [Datadog Agent][2], version 7.49.0 or higher
- An installed [Datadog SDK][3] (see the [Enable Live Debugger](#enable-live-debugger) section for minimum SDK versions)
- [Unified Service Tagging][27] configured with `service`, `env`, and `version` tags on your deployment
- [Remote Configuration][4] enabled in the Agent
- (Recommended) [Source Code Integration][28]

### Permissions

The following permissions are required to use Live Debugger:

- **Live Debugger Read** (`live_debugger_read`): Required to access the Live Debugger page.
- **Live Debugger Write** (`live_debugger_write`): Required to create or modify Debug Sessions and logpoints.
- **Live Debugger Redaction Write** (`live_debugger_redaction_write`): Required to change the [redaction mode][24] for captured data.

For more information about roles and how to assign roles to users, see [Role Based Access Control][21].

## Setup

### Enable Live Debugger

Live Debugger enablement depends on your service's runtime language. See the following language-specific sections for enablement instructions and minimum SDK versions.

> Live Debugger can work on older SDK versions through manual enablement, but you may encounter missing capabilities, unexpected errors, or a degraded experience. Datadog recommends keeping your SDK up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable Live Debugger for a service and environment from the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], regardless of runtime language or SDK version.

**Note**: Live Debugger can work on older SDK versions through manual enablement, but you may encounter missing capabilities, unexpected errors, or a degraded experience. Datadog recommends keeping your SDK up to date.
```

> You can disable Live Debugger for a service and environment from the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], regardless of runtime language or SDK version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Enable for Java, Python, .NET, and Node.js

You can enable Live Debugger in-app in one of two ways:

- On the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], enable the service and environment.

> - Start a Debug Session. Live Debugger is enabled automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
- Start a Debug Session. Live Debugger is enabled automatically on the selected service and environment.
```

**Configure the Datadog Agent** using one of the following methods, depending on how you deploy the Agent:

- **Configuration YAML file**: Update `system-probe.yaml` (located alongside `datadog.yaml`) with the following. For more information, see <a href="/agent/configuration/agent-configuration-files/?tab=agentv6v7#agent-main-configuration-file">Agent configuration files</a>.

  ```yaml
  dynamic_instrumentation:
    enabled: true
  ```

- **Environment variable**: Add the following to your Datadog Agent manifest:

  ```
  DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=true
  ```

- **Helm**: Add the following to your Helm chart:

  ```yaml
  datadog:
    dynamicInstrumentationGo:
      enabled: true
  ```

**Configure your service**: After the Agent is configured, services on the same host can be enabled from the <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/debugging/settings">Live Debugger Settings page</a>, or by starting the service with the following environment variables set:

```shell
DD_SERVICE=<YOUR_SERVICE>
DD_ENV=<YOUR_ENV>
DD_VERSION=<YOUR_VERSION>
DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=true
```
{{< /programming-lang >}}

{{< /programming-lang-wrapper >}}

#### Enablement modes

> On the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], you can check and update the enablement status of each service and environment. Each service and environment is in one of three modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the [Live Debugger Settings page][26], you can check and update the enablement status of each service and environment. Each service and environment can be in one of three modes:
```

- {{< ui >}}Automatic{{< /ui >}}: Live Debugger has not been set to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} or {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}} yet on this service and environment. This setting changes to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} automatically the first time a Debug Session is started. For a faster first-time debugging experience, switch the setting to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} in advance.
- {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}}: For eligible services, this setting means Live Debugger is activated on the selected service and environment, including debug symbol uploads and faster delivery of new logpoints.

> - {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}}: This setting blocks logpoints from being created or reactivated on a given service and environment. It applies regardless of runtime language or SDK version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{< ui >}}Automatic{{< /ui >}}: Live Debugger has not been set to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} or {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}} yet on this service and environment. This setting changes to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} automatically the first time a Debug Session is started. For a faster first-time debugging experience, switch the setting to {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}} in advance.
- {{< ui >}}Enabled{{< /ui >}}: Live Debugger is activated on the selected service and environment, including debug symbol uploads and faster delivery of new logpoints.
- {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}}: Logpoints cannot be created or reactivated on the given service and environment. It applies regardless of runtime language or SDK version.
```

A Debug Session lets you inspect running code using auto-expiring logpoints. To create and use a Debug Session:

1. Start a Debug Session from one of the following locations:
   - (Preview) On the [Live Debugger page][13], submit a question or investigation prompt to [Bits Live Debugger][29].
   - On the [Live Debugger page][13], click {{< ui >}}Create Debug Session{{< /ui >}} or {{< ui >}}New Session{{< /ui >}}.
   - In the [Trace Explorer][14], open a trace, locate the [Code Origin][20] section in the side panel, and click {{< ui >}}Start Debug Session{{< /ui >}}.
2. Select a code location to add the first logpoint and begin capturing log events.
3. Add, remove, or modify logpoints as needed during the session.

> 4. Log events captured by the logpoints will appear in the debug session view as they are ingested and indexed. These logs can also be viewed, queried, and analyzed in Logs Explorer or any other Datadog tools that reference logs data. 

Reviewer: **Must fix:** Avoid temporal words like "will" (Datadog.tense). This step is also long—consider splitting the Logs Explorer detail into a second sentence. Remove trailing whitespace at end of line.

```suggestion
4. Log events captured by the logpoints appear in the Debug Session view as they are ingested and indexed. You can also view, query, and analyze these logs in Logs Explorer and other Datadog tools that reference log data.
```

> 5. View active and inactive debug sessions created by users in your organization in the Live Debugger Sessions list. A debug session's log events are visible only during the retention period defined for [the logs index](#create-a-logs-index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. View active and inactive Debug Sessions created by users in your organization in the Live Debugger Sessions list. A Debug Session's log events are visible only during the retention period defined for [the logs index](#create-a-logs-index).
```

> 5. View active and inactive debug sessions created by users in your organization in the Live Debugger Sessions list. A debug session's log events are only visible during the retention period defined for [the logs index](#create-a-logs-index).

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Capitalize "Debug Session" consistently with the product term used elsewhere on this page.

```suggestion
5. View active and inactive debug sessions created by users in your organization in the Live Debugger Sessions list. A debug session's log events are visible only during the retention period defined for [the logs index](#create-a-logs-index).
```

A Debug Session lets you inspect running code using auto-expiring logpoints. To create and use a Debug Session:

1. Start a Debug Session from one of the following locations:
   - (Preview) On the [Live Debugger page][13], submit a question or investigation prompt to [Bits Live Debugger][29].

>    - On the [Live Debugger page][13], click {{< ui >}}Create Debug Session{{< /ui >}}.

Author: ```suggestion
   - On the [Live Debugger page][13], click {{< ui >}}Create Debug Session{{< /ui >}} or {{< ui >}}New Session{{< /ui >}}.
```

   - In the [Trace Explorer][14], open a trace, locate the [Code Origin][20] section in the side panel, and click {{< ui >}}Start Debug Session{{< /ui >}}.

> 2. Add a logpoint to begin collecting diagnostic data.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select a code location to add the first logpoint and begin capturing log events.
```

> 3. Add, remove, or modify logpoints as needed during the session.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Add, remove, or modify logpoints as needed during the session.
4. Log events captured by the logpoints will appear in the debug session view as they are ingested and indexed. These logs can also be viewed, queried, and analyzed in Logs Explorer or any other Datadog tools that reference logs data. 
5. View active and inactive debug sessions created by users in your organization in the Live Debugger Sessions list. A debug session's log events are only visible during the retention period defined for [the logs index](#recommended-create-a-logs-index).
```

Live Debugger has two redaction modes:

- **Strict Mode**: Redacts all values except numbers and Booleans. Bits Live Debugger is not available for service and environment combinations set to Strict Mode.

> - **Targeted Mode**: Redacts known sensitive patterns such as credit card numbers, API keys, and IPs. It also runs a high-entropy secrets scanner that automatically redacts likely secrets, which appear as `[REDACTED:HIGH_ENTROPY]` in captured data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{< ui >}}Strict Mode{{< /ui >}}: Redacts all values except numbers and Booleans. Bits Live Debugger is not available for service and environment combinations set to {{< ui >}}Strict Mode{{< /ui >}}.
- {{< ui >}}Targeted Mode{{< /ui >}}: Redacts known sensitive patterns such as credit card numbers, API keys, and IPs. It also runs a high-entropy secrets scanner that automatically redacts likely secrets, which appear as `[REDACTED:HIGH_ENTROPY]` in captured data.
```

2. Click {{< ui >}}Create Debug Session{{< /ui >}}.
3. Choose your service, environment, and select where in your code to place the first logpoint.
4. Define a logpoint message template using the [expression language][15].

> 5. (Optional) Use the capture variables option to collect all execution context or specific variables as part of the log event metadata (this feature is rate-limited to 1 execution per second). To capture only a log message string, remove the capture variables option from the logpoint definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. (Optional) Use the {{< ui >}}Capture Variables{{< /ui >}} option to collect all execution context or specific variables as part of the log event metadata (this feature is rate-limited to 1 execution per second). To capture only a log message string, remove the capture variables option from the logpoint definition.
```

6. (Optional) Define a condition for when the logs should be emitted.

> 7. Click "Apply changes" to save modifications to existing logpoint definitions.

Reviewer: **Must fix:** UI labels should use the `{{< ui >}}` shortcode, not quoted plain text.

```suggestion
7. Click {{< ui >}}Apply changes{{< /ui >}} to save modifications to existing logpoint definitions.
```

> Most logpoint settings can be modified after creation, even if the logpoint already started capturing log events. However, the logpoint's originally selected service, environment, and code location cannot be modified (a new logpoint or debug session should be created in this case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most logpoint settings can be modified after creation, even if the logpoint already started capturing log events. However, the logpoint's originally selected service, environment, and code location cannot be modified (a new logpoint or Debug Session should be created in this case).
```

> After a logpoint is created, modified, or re-activated, it can take a couple of minutes to instrument the code and begin capturing log events. Note: If the selected code is not executed or the logpoint condition(s) are not met, then there will be no log events generated. 

Reviewer: **Must fix:** Notes should use bold formatting per style guide (`**Note**:`), not inline `Note:`.

```suggestion
After a logpoint is created, modified, or re-activated, it can take a couple of minutes to instrument the code and begin capturing log events. **Note**: If the selected code is not executed or the logpoint condition(s) are not met, then there are no log events generated.
```

2. Click {{< ui >}}Create Debug Session{{< /ui >}}.
3. Choose your service, environment, and select where in your code to place the first logpoint.
4. Define a logpoint message template using the [expression language][15].
5. (Optional) Use the {{< ui >}}Capture Variables{{< /ui >}} option to collect all execution context or specific variables as part of the log event metadata (this feature is rate-limited to 1 execution per second). To capture only a log message string, remove the capture variables option from the logpoint definition.
6. (Optional) Define a condition for when the logs should be emitted.
7. Click {{< ui >}}Apply changes{{< /ui >}} to save modifications to existing logpoint definitions.

Most logpoint settings can be modified after creation, even if the logpoint already started capturing log events. However, the logpoint's originally selected service, environment, and code location cannot be modified (a new logpoint or Debug Session should be created in this case).

> After a logpoint is created, modified, or re-activated, it can take a couple of minutes to instrument the code and begin capturing log events. **Note**: If the selected code is not executed or the logpoint condition(s) are not met, then there are no log events generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a logpoint is created, modified, or re-activated, it can take a couple of minutes to instrument the code and begin capturing log events. **Note**: If the selected code is not executed or the logpoint condition(s) are not met, then no log events are generated.
```

> 5. (Optional) Enable "Capture Variables" to collect all execution context (this feature is rate-limited to 1 execution per second).

Author: ```suggestion
5. (Optional) Use the capture variables option to collect all execution context or specific variables as part of the log event metadata (this feature is rate-limited to 1 execution per second). To capture only a log message string, remove the capture variables option from the logpoint definition.
```

> 6. (Optional) Define a condition for when the logs should be emitted.

Author: ```suggestion
6. (Optional) Define a condition for when the logs should be emitted.
7. Click "Apply changes" to save modifications to existing logpoint definitions.

Most logpoint settings can be modified after creation, even if the logpoint already started capturing log events. However, the logpoint's originally selected service, environment, and code location cannot be modified (a new logpoint or debug session should be created in this case).

After a logpoint is created, modified, or re-activated, it can take a couple of minutes to instrument the code and begin capturing log events. Note: If the selected code is not executed or the logpoint condition(s) are not met, then there will be no log events generated. 
```

Live Debugger has two redaction modes:

- {{< ui >}}Strict Mode{{< /ui >}}: Redacts all values except numbers and Booleans. [Bits Live Debugger][23] is not available for service and environment combinations set to {{< ui >}}Strict Mode{{< /ui >}}.

> - {{< ui >}}Targeted Mode{{< /ui >}}: Redacts known sensitive patterns such as credit card numbers, API keys, and IPs. It also runs a high-entropy secrets scanner that automatically redacts likely secrets, which appear as `[REDACTED:HIGH_ENTROPY]` in captured data.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** This PR removes "and other PII" from the Targeted Mode description. Confirm this matches current product behavior—if PII redaction is still part of Targeted Mode, restore the reference.

```suggestion
- {{< ui >}}Targeted Mode{{< /ui >}}: Redacts known sensitive patterns such as credit card numbers, API keys, IPs, and other PII. It also runs a high-entropy secrets scanner that automatically redacts likely secrets, which appear as `[REDACTED:HIGH_ENTROPY]` in captured data.
```

[15]: /dynamic_instrumentation/expression-language/
[16]: /dynamic_instrumentation/enabling
[17]: /dynamic_instrumentation/sensitive-data-scrubbing/#redact-based-on-variable-values-with-sensitive-data-scanner
[19]: /dynamic_instrumentation/
[20]: /tracing/code_origin
[21]: /account_management/rbac/permissions#apm
[22]: /tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/go
[23]: /tracing/live_debugger/bits-live-debugger/
[24]: #mode-based-redaction
[26]: https://app.datadoghq.com/debugging/settings
[27]: /getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging/
[28]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration/

> [29]: /agent/configuration/agent-configuration-files/?tab=agentv6v7#agent-main-configuration-file

Reviewer: Orphan reference: `[29]` is defined but never used (the Go tab links to this page inline). Remove the unused definition.

```suggestion
```
